[Bug] Make single dynamic dropdown clearable (#915)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20241203_133819_petar_pejovic.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Fixed

> - Fix `vm.Dropdown(multi=False)` selector to work as a dynamic filter. ([#915](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/915))

Author: Another version: 
```suggestion
- Fix that `vm.Dropdown(multi=False)` selector value can be cleared when it works as a dynamic filter. ([#915](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/915))
```

> - Fix `vm.Dropdown(multi=False)` selector to work as a dynamic filter. ([#915](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/915))

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase a bit less technical?

```suggestion
- Ensure the single-select dropdown value can be cleared when used as a dynamic filter. ([#915](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/915))
```

Author: Thanks! This is much better.

> <!--

Reviewer 2: Probably worth putting a changelog entry in for the bugfix.
